1. Please apply the CIA Triad model and describe the main concerns involved in maintaining the 
information security of a 311-information system. Please write several paragraphs to fully 
answer the question and to explain how the concerns of the three pillar of information security
can be considered in the creation and maintenance of the 311 information system.

The sidewalk needs to be fixed (availability) and the traffic light does not work (availability and integrity), there is also an idling vehicle (availability) and the neighbor is violating the building security code (confidentiality). Maintaining the sidewalk is a critical area because not every worker that may need access to the area may have a vehicle or may live within short walking distance. All of the problems presented are vital security concerns and are necessary for daily operations. Listing the problems from most serious to least serious, I would have to state that the traffic light should fall first on a priority list. If the traffic light is not fixed, there may be even more problems present in the near future. 'Availability' seems to be the most prevalent case in these problems. According to the 311 Information System, I would use the police to direct the traffic and also to investigate the idling vehicle. If the vehicle is not being operated by a legal driver, then I would authorize the police to tow the vehicle. The city department of transportation should issue an order to the proper bureau to fix the traffic light problem, thereby causing a minor availability issue but ultimately solving the availability dilemma in the long-term. The appropriate city department necessary for maintaining the sidewalk accessibility function should also be contacted. With regards to the neighbor violating the building code, a security concern of confidentiality and probably the most important part of the C.I.A. triad in my opinion, the neighbor should be fined and hopefully discouraged from violating the building arrangements. This not only causes problems with the security of the residents and workers in the area, this also causes potential problems with the company operating the building. One violation of the C.I.A. triad can ultimately lead to a full violation of the triad as a "domino" like effect which means that all parts of the triad must be taken seriously at the time of their occurence. We must consider all aspects of the triad upon inspection and philosophically, there is some overlap of what one may mean for the other. A traffic light being out, for example, violates immediately the availability piece but it also violates the integrity aspect of the traffic light control system. A control system that works only "some" of the time, cannot be considered a well-functioning system and there-by may need some re-work accordingly until it's "integrity" is optimal. While some may not initially suppose that an idling vehicle is a security concern, it very much is considering the circumstances that may be at work around the vehicle. For instance, is it in a high traffic area? Is it blocking other vehicles from access? Is it being operated by a criminal who may be performing surveillance of an area or neighborhood for burglary? There are many contingencies that come into play when considering this. There may be some who would say that a sidewalk isn't an immediate security concern, but when considering the whole aspect, say that if the police who were called to investigate the idling vehicle had to pursue the subject in question, were injured or experienced a loss of arrest due to the bad sidewalk, then this is a major security concern for the community. Also to consider the fact that students who may be walking to a nearby school could become injured from a bad sidewalk. Many issues are at play here. In terms of public community service, all of these issues must be fixed by the appropriate department to have a healthy environment. 

2. The lesson module introduces the security lifecycle model, which contains four phases;
identifying, assessing, protecting, and monitoring. Please explain each of these four phases that
are necessary for effectively and safely operating a 311 program. For each phase, please provide
a discussion of a few sentences.

To safely operate a 311 program, I would focus on identifying the problem first. Get the community involved in making their lives more comfortable and convenient. It would be a good idea to create a webpage or app (I am more particular towards an application envionment for convenience of use) whereby the community can voice their concerns to the departments and city government over what they may find as issues in the community arrangements. The departments whom are responsible for solving and fixing these issues should be the ones to assess the community complaints and then work on protecting and maintaining these "solved" issues that the community has notified and presented to them. The community being involved with the 'monitoring' process effectively gets more eyes on potential issues rather than having a team try to identify issues within the city. So both using the community as it relates to identifying and monitoring the 311 problems presented, takes care of the inital identification as well as the monitoring aspect. Assessing and protecting the problems noted in the 311 program falls upon the government and departments. It is my belief that if a community or city populace are encouraged to participate in the 311 program and they see verifiable results due to their voicing efforts, the community or city at large will flourish with both the idenification of potential issues and the monitoring of the potential issues.

3. There are two types of data:
- Data at rest, e.g., data stored in the 311-information system, and
- Data in flight, e.g., the information transfer from residents to the 311-information system,
or, from the 311-information system to different departments within a local government.
How would you maintain data security for these two types of data? For each type of data, this
question can be answered with a few sentences.

For data at rest, I would attempt to utilize a server system with anonymous reporting features. That is to say, that residents who are reporting issues in the community, can maintain anonymity within the system and not have to enter any critical or confidential information that may be exploited by malicious actors. Thereby, if the data is leaked or cracked by a malicious actor, there is nothing that would cause a major security concern to the community who entered the information for both monitoring and identification of potential 311 concerns. The information in flight sector would be as least problematic if leaked or cracked as possible. No "valuable" information would be transmitted beyond what may be necessary for a department to get to work on the reported issues. I would also implement a feature whereby any critical information (confidentiality) would be department specific so that if there is an issue with a malicious cracker leaking or stealing information, the localization factor would be useful to know which department may be "quarantined" until the threat is neautralized. This would prevent error spreading effects to other departments where if there is malware present in the system in some way, it is easily determined to which area of effect it has been detected within. We maintain data security by having a monitoring team to search and identify potential anomalies or "red flags" that may be noticed within our networking systems.

4. What are the common cybersecurity threats to a 311 program? Please list the common threats
and explain what they are.

The most immediate threat is any employee with access to the systems and beyond this, social engineering ploys by malicious actors poses a security threat to the system in place. Secondary to this but also in the same category as could be considered "an employee threat" would be malware and avaiablity threats. Users of the security system should not have access beyond their needs and each program in place should be localized on a needs basis. This is to say that, if one person only has a need to access social media constructs, they should not have access to security control constructs and so on for each employee in the network. I think focusing on the "human" factor is the most important piece to good cybersecurity principles. If the human factor is maintained and controlled, most "cyber" related issues will be less of an issue. We should focus on access controls.

5. Cybersecurity professionals may regularly conduct risk assessments. Please explain what risk
assessment is and describe the process for risk assessment for a 311 program. This question can
be answered with a few paragraphs.

Risk assessment is what a cybersecurity professional does to ensure the availability, integrity and confidentiality of systems is maintained. For a 311 program, we would make sure that accessibility is operating both with integrity and confidentiality where required. An integritous system, is one that operates as it is ethically intended without deviation. Confidentiality can be maintained by access controlling the system(s) present. Hotlines are a bit outdated in my perspective, but if any communication is used, it should be encrypted to prevent a man-in-the-middle attack. If a man-in-the-middle-attack is used on our system, it will be both an integrity and confidentiality breach. When performing a risk assessment, one must notice and analyze the potential attack vectors, the inherent weaknesses of the system(s) and know where exploits may be done within the system(s). This can be learned through regular penetration testing of the system and taking proper cybersecurity principles to assuage the needs for the company's or department's C.I.A.

6. For this case study, it is important to verify the identity and the location of a person who
requests a service to ensure that the request is valid. This involves authentication. What
authentication factors must be considered for a 311 program? Please list all the authentication
factors that you have learned from the lesson. For each factor, please explain it with several
sentences.

It is my current perspective that identity and location are not a good method for maintaining a secure C.I.A. 311 program. Yes, I agree that authentication is necessary but with the potential caveats of what may occur if there is a breach in the system, I do not believe it to be the best solution when it regards collecting identification and location data of the community members. We do not want to DOX our community - we want to protect their information as much as possible and keeping records of such things would potentially violate this cybersecurity principle just the same as uploading your address and full name to a social media platform might cause issues of concern. To properly authenticate people, we would use device identification, list known problem causing devices in the data to prevent access, and manage both user and administrator integrity to the systems by requiring as least information as possible for utilizing 311 to it's maximum capacity. We would in effect, use device registration, not names or addresses whereby our system can detect intelligently integral devices that upload requests or concerns. We must consider some aspect of implementing a two-factor authentication method that is simple and convenient for the users. Some new form of 2FA that does not require an outside source to maintain secure access or grant secure access. An artificial program that is capable of detecting malicious actions against the system would also be necessary. Biometrics may be used whereby authentication happens on the user side of the service and is not recorded into the system for integrity and confidentiality purposes. Knowledge factor to where the user must perform a "something you know" test to verify their humanity. I think that continuous authentication is something that we must regularly improve upon with theoretics of different contingent possibilities - make the users continually prove that they are not using malicious means on/to the system. Perhaps there is some form of a possession factor that can be used but for ease of usage and to get the community really involved with the 311 program, it must be simplified and convenient. Hence, I go back to suggesting an anonymous reporting mechanism or perhaps a social credit system where a device is related to integral practices within the system and it's purposes.
